Announce the rules update containing the mass of Bronze tokens (#132)
srobo/team-emails: SR2023/2022-12-20-rules-update.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2023 teams
subject: "Rules update: Bronze token masses"
---

Hi,

We're pleased to announce that we've published an update to the rules which
specifies the mass of the Bronze tokens. Their mass is specified as 80 ±40g.
The mass of Gold tokens remains unspecified.

> Hopefully this will allow teams to progress on mechanisms to detect the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hopefully this will allow your team to progress on mechanisms to detect the
```

difference between the various token types.

> -- the SR Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- the Competition Team
```
Think this is how other emails have been signed off, not bothered either way though

Author: We've done a mix of both, depends a lot on who the author is I think.
